Eighty-six percent.
That's how much of render time Chrome spends just taking screenshots.
The native renderer changes that.
H T M L stays the authoring format.
A Rust and Skia I R replaces the per-frame browser path for the subset we control.
The auto backend chooses transparently — native when the compiler can prove support, Chrome when it can't.
Every decision is logged.
Nothing changes silently.
Adapters compile known primitives into a deterministic I R. G-SAP stays canonical.
Text runs through Chrome once, cached as glyph clips, then composited.
Seven phases.
Starting with proof infrastructure — not speed claims.
Can we detect support accurately?
Can we prove quality gates?
Can the auto backend be trusted?
Then we grow the subset.
One fixture at a time.
Native rendering isn't replacing Chrome.
It's giving the best HyperFrames work a faster lane.
Let's build it right.